[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: I want us to
jump into our example app here.
And this is great,
we're coding early in the day here.
We're gonna add some loading and
error functionality to our app.
And we'll aim to do this quickly.
Because this is sort of one of these
concepts that it's good to know,
but people don't typically dive
into deep complexity here.
So I think that we'll
probably just take 10 or
15 minutes this time.
>> Mike North: The idea is I've got two
different, two URLs.
As you go from the orgs list into
a particular org, I want to use a spinner.
And SpinKit is a great place to look for
pure CSS spinners.
You can just drop some
style into styles/app.css,
which is where all of
our styles go right now.
And put a little HTML, and
your loading .hbs, and this will work.
I also want us to flesh
out a little example of
catching a particular
error in an error action.
In this case it will be
when we ask GitHub for
information on an org that
it doesn't know about.
It will return a 404.
I want us to handle that specific
case by saying this org is not found,
rather than having everything sort of
fall into the general error category.
And if you want to go further,
try using the debugger
handlebars helper in error.hbs.
And you can see that you actually have
the jQuery XHR object that has the status
code and the response from the API.
That's available in
the context of that template.
And so you could actually write out
the status code and the status message, so
that the user understands access denied
is different than general server error.
And probably,
that would be troubleshot a different way.
So let's jump into this for,
let's say 15 minutes, and
then the next topic we'll
move on to is components.
And in terms of where you should start,
the code that you should start with for
this exercise,
it will be master of the code that is in
the front end master's org on Github.
All right, thanks guys.
Any questions?
>> Speaker 2: [SOUND] Question about
the loading template.
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: It seems
to affect all of its sibling templates.
>> Mike North: In what way?
>> Speaker 2: So I drop it into
the org folder and
get it on loading repos and
loading erepo as well.
>> Mike North: Yes, so remember that when
you drop that template in a particular
place, the parent of the route
that that corresponds to we're
not defining a loading route.
That comes for free.
You can see that it exists
in the Ember inspector.
But whenever you're pivoting
on that particular parent,
that loading state is gonna
be what is made active.
And you can get deeper and
customize it so that, for example,
you only enter the loading substate
if the wait has been beyond
a certain tolerance.
>> Speaker 2: And
then it's like loading the action hook.
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Mike North: You do that in the loading
action by bubbling it up only
in the event that you're
still loading beyond a certain extent.
It is not simple enough that I
want to try to tackle it in this,
but that's generally-
>> Speaker 2: If I wanted that loading
state to only target rebo's and
not the repo route which you are,
essentially, can I do
that in the loading hook?
I'd say, if your intended
destination was repose [INAUDIBLE].
>> Mike North: So-
>> Speaker 2: It doesn't work.
>> Mike North: It's a little bit more
complicated than that the way we
have our routes set up currently.
So I don't wanna claim
that it's as simple as
waiting a couple of seconds
in returning through that.
The reason is that, that action is
gonna fire immediately when you start
transitioning, when we
know we're going to load.
And that's basically, as soon as your
model hook returns an unresolved promise,
we know that we're gonna start loading.
And so, you know, if you want it
to wait 200 milliseconds before
you actually transition into
the state you can't simply just you
know handle that template in the action.
>> Speaker 2: So
I initially assumed if I didn't want to
see this on repo I make a repos folder
that currently doesn't exist and
put my own template inside that and
that will cause it to only if
I use that loading template,
when it transitions from org to-
>> Mike North: It totally
depends on which route
you are pivoting on.
And so potentially if I am
drilling into that folder
from somewhere higher up in my hierarchy,
what I'm pivoting on could potentially
be some of the living
state if that makes sense.
All right other questions?
>> Speaker 3: There is a question on what
is the difference between org_loading and
org.loading.
>> Mike North: Good question.
>> Speaker 3: And like where org.loading
is under the org
>> Mike North: So
org_loading is probably what their
seeing in the Ember specter.
We'll have to try it out and
see how it works.
I know org.loading will work for
this example and
it fits with the conventions that
we've been using for our other routes.
So I would go in that direction.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, he's
saying it shows up in the Ember inspector.
>> Mike North: Yes,
it does.
>> Speaker 2: You can
customize that before uploading your own.
>> Mike North: You could if you wanted to.
>> Speaker 2: And org.loading controller.
Dirty word.
>> Mike North: There is a controller there
but again that's going beyond I just
want to cover sort of simple use of this
and then we can move on to components
which are more interesting.